Repo types: rename title (#513)
hacs/documentation: source/docs/use/type/index.md

---
title: Repository types

> description: "There are 6 different types of repositories published for HACS."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "There are different types of repositories published for HACS. Select the type below to see the description."
```

> description: "There are different types of repositories published for HACS. Select the type below to see the description."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "There are different types of repositories published for HACS. Select a type below to see its description."
```
